alright SEMA 2009 we got an all-access
pass ready to tear absolutely now this
is what it's all about you know you walk
around you check everything out you take
pictures and you talk to everybody but
we got to split up me I lot since come I
am thank you have a good trip my
definition of rat rods really just a
compilation of some old parts thrown
together kind of haphazardly arrived you
come up with something at least drive
down the road oh the diesel rod here is
complete opposite of everything you'd
imagine it is a true custom car in every
shape and imagination now the theme
behind this thing solve a farm implement
I mean you've got softly that runs all
the way around it you've got parts from
old tractors from old farm implements
inside this thing I want a manure
spreader dash how cool is that right
I'll front you keep that whole farm
theme are you going to go with a diesel
engine but some twin turbos on the front
this thing is bad it's got nitrous oxide
injection puts out 1,200 foot-pounds of
torque and just for good measure on the
other side they've got a working hand
crank starter it just doesn't get cooler
than that now if you've got a car like
this you can't haul it down the road
with a normal truck it's just not going
to do it justice so Stephen the guys
have built another masterpiece and this
is what pulls the car down the road it's
awesome you take a look at this it's a
47 Diamond T on an 06 mega cab chassis
rolling with the 12-valve Cummins really
cool when you're looking at it from the
outside but it gets even better when you
open the door now take a look at this
first thing that jumps out at you right
here on the doing this lamb skin on the
doors they've got a lot of hours in this
there's no doubt about that it's across
the dash on the doors you've got some
cowhide on the back of the seats and up
on the ceiling as well now you take a
look back here also on the sides and the
back side over here there's someone on
the inside of the door this is from an
old barn the whole farm theme I mean
basically they had all this stuff laying
around and put it in their heads and
what can we make out of this you've got
the hydraulic rams from the old combines
right there take a look at the mirrors
right there these are actually
headlights off of an old tractor I mean
the list goes on and on and on why build
one cool thing when you can build two
right
try that again he's like a kid you know
you